# AI Essay and Statement
### 1. Explain your AI usage on this assignment, what you used, and why.
After creating the initial file structures and headers to start, I uploaded my files to Claude AI to suggest what should be done for the assignment. I stepped through these, compiling logical sections of code and asking the agent for clarification on certain aspects as to why it was suggesting what it did. The full testing suite was generated by the AI with minor tweaks from myself after review of the output with each section of testing. The README.md was summarized by AI and also reviewed and tweaked, specifically the output was copied from my actual tested output.


### 2. Explain and give an example of at least one error AI made that you caught and corrected. If there was no error, explain why you think AI was able to make no mistakes.
Based off the assignment instruction, it attempted to create a secondary defined 'DEFAULT_VALUE 10' despite my already have added the directive of a defined 'STACKSIZE 10'. It misinterpreted what I had already coded as some other value. Once I pointed this out, it corrected any other reference to this and noted that indeed was unnecessary.


### 3. Explain and give an example of at least one instance of AI code that was correct but you could improve it and did so. If there was no such case, explain why you think that was the case.
In the testing suite code it suggested, it was multiplying the STACKSIZE values by 10 for normal state and by 5 for the full state. While this was not incorrect and results did display correctly, I felt this was misleading after declaring the STACKSIZE was 10 and then provided an output of 40. When prompted as to why, it was to highlight discrepancies more effectively. For the purposes of this assignment, I decided to leave it out.


### 4. Explain and give an example of one thing you learned by using AI, some technique or concept you didn't know or understand before and now you do. If you learned nothing in this case, explain why you think that was the case.
After spending more time using AI, it becomes clearer how it suggests things that are not always necessary and do require editing and tweaking for a more specific result. While I already knew it is providing very broad and common responses, this was a good stepping stone to see where it's adding unnecessary responses for my specific needs.


### 5. Based on your experience in this assignment, do you think you could have done better without AI? Explain your answer.
No, the AI was very helpful when it came to the testing suite. I probably would have stopped just with the explicit testing of the specific push, pop, peek, isEmpty methods without considering the broader impacts of testing the boundaries or even running through randomized testing of the methods. This helped open my eyes to these other considerations for full end-to-end testing.


